Version 0.1:
    Move towards Dark Heresy 2e combined with zeihander improvements.
        characteristic advances
        wound advances
        Characteristics (Influence) ??
        Skills (4 ranks: Known, Trained, Experience and Veteran)
            Medicae (Intelligence, Fieldcraft)
        Talents
            Blind Fighting (Perception, Fieldcraft)
            Die Hard (Willpower, Defence)
            Disarm (Melee, Defence)
            Frenzy (Strength, Offence)
            Iron Jaw (Willpower, Defence)
            Jaded (Willpower, Defence)
            Leap-up (Agility, General)
            Quick Draw (Agility, Finess)
            Rapid Reload (Agility, Fieldcraft)
            Resistance* (Toughness, Defence)
            Takedown (Melee, Offence)
    Talent based Actions, +aim
    Add stealth mode / normal mode / run mode.
    Add more critical hits to have a full system again.
    Add to charwin: show negative and positive modifications of characteristics

    BUGS:
    X -- bsp: floating doors
    X -- organize dungeon creaters better.
    X -- Create general arrays for the item use_desc, which should also be used for tools, food and wearables and for improvised weapons.
    X -- Create Player notice response in monsters and monster notice messages for player.
    X -- Throwing weapons tohit calculations are off.
    X -- Archers do not shoot anymore? -- fixed?
    X -- Unarmed and offhand weapons do not offer a targetting window.
    X -- Check file permissions on save_file location
    X -- add examine to character window for skills talents and status effects
    X -- fix readme
    ? -- Could not wield a shortbow after dropping it (low ammo?)?
    ? -- Switching weapons sometimes sets weapon select to unarmed. -- fixed?
    ? -- monster don't attack anymore...
    ? -- Could not wield a knife?
    ? -- stealth enemies can sometimes not been seen after attacking


Major Ideas:
Add leader follow ai code, and improve ai in general.
Use non-melee items in melee and throw them.
Dungeon generation with doors and better loops.
Provide TERM_COLOUR <-> colour msg attr translation.
Title Screen. <-- New Title
[C]ombine as an inventory command OR [A]lternate Use.
Write a layer between the dungeon_map and the display map.,
    for hallucination effects etc.
Blood spatter and blood trail when a wounded monster moves.
Create dungeon objects (like barrels) and treat them as cover
Have campfires and monsters around them.
Foretell the players doom.
Overhaul replay code to add pause, rewind, slowdowns etc.
Magic system
Insanity system
Corruption system
Improve Vision and lighting code, add stealth gameplay. -- More testing and balancing is required.

Minor
Chests with locks
Oil and fire which spreads
Markdown readme ingame?
Monsters who charge ahead for 4 tiles or so and can't stop.
'? - something should be identified with enough DoS.'
What to do with fortune points?

Links:

AI:
http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=A_Better_Monster_AI

Dungeon creation:
http://angband.oook.cz/forum/showthread.php?t=927
